# Details about the Notebooks for Phase 1
* There are 6 python notebooks corresponding to 5 Parts of the Data Cleaning and preparation process.* Data files come from 4 different repositories (CCD, CRDC, Edge and Edfacts) and within each repo-source there are multiple separate data files. Each of these files were cleaned, processed and combined into a single source-specific data file. This process is covered in Part 1-4. Lastly, in Part 5 and 6, each source-specific data files were merged sequentially to create two master data files: one for reading and one for math.

#### Part 1: Clean_CCD_data.ipynb: This notebook contains code that cleans and merges the four individual ccd files for school directory, characteristics, farms and staff files into a singular file (Clean_ccd_master.csv).
#### Part 2: Clean_CRDC_data.ipynb: This notebook contains code that cleans and merges the 8 individual crdc files for school characteristics, school support, school expenditures, AP, IB, SAT_ACT, Algebra 1 and enrollment into a two files (Clean_crdc_master_math.csv and Clean_crdc_master_read.csv).
#### Part 3: Clean_Edge_data.ipynb: This notebook contains code that cleans and preps the edge data file that contains the school neighborhood income ratio estimate data (Clean_EDGE.csv).
#### Part 4: Clean_EdFacts_data.ipynb: This notebook contains code that cleans and preps the edfacts data files for reading and math proficiency scores (edfacts_math_merged_ccd.csv and edfacts_eng_merged_ccd).
#### Part 5: Master_Math.ipynb: This notebook contains code that merges all relevant clean data files (Clean_ccd_master.csv,Clean_crdc_master_math.csv,Clean_EDGE.csv and edfacts_math_merged_ccd.csv) from the various data sources and creates a Master data file for math.
#### Part 6: Master_Reading.ipynb: This notebook contains code that merges all relevant clean data files (Clean_ccd_master.csv,Clean_crdc_master_read.csv,Clean_EDGE.csv and edfacts_eng_merged_ccd.csv) from the various data sources and creates a Master data file for reading.

